[INTRO SOUND]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Here, we're going to take
a deeper dive into Ariel,
a person from Argentina who's
been scientifically studied
many, many times.
He has the ability to
put his hands on a table
and lift or levitate that table
with his feeling frequencies.
We're trying to
demystify it, but we'll
see that this is a very similar
concept to what Bing or Sergei
use when they're using
it in a combat situation
by moving people
without touching them.
First, Ariel blends
with the table, blending
his energy, his feeling
attention with the table
in order then to move it.
You see, sometimes, when
the cameras get turned on
and everybody's watching,
that ability doesn't work.
It doesn't always
work 100% of the time.
As you'll see in this episode,
in the beginning, when
Ariel goes to move the
table, it doesn't work.
But what I find so extraordinary
in this behind the scenes look
is that all these extraordinary
people from all over the world,
from South America to Russia
to China to Australia,
come around and support.
And they demystify
this concept of how
to use the mind to move matter.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Now, this table, it's a
wooden table that I had made
for the occasion.
It's quite heavy, maybe about
10 kilos, something like this.
And clearly, there are no props.
Now, what I will do, I will
put the hand on the table
and move it without the fingers.
Just using magnetizing
for gravitating the table
towards the end and tip it.
This phenomena is, of course,
like most of these phenomena
not like this on
command, so it requires
a certain mental state.
So let's try all together to
create the best space for it.
>> When energy is observed,
it tends to change.
It tends to not behave
how you want it to behave.
Now, this is quantum physics.
Ariel is experiencing
this right now.
He feels that the stare,
the expectation, it's
blocking the energy to
move as it should move
or the event to happen
as it should happen.
So he really feels
the stare, and it's
a little heavy for him.
So we will join him now.
Let's see if we
can try together,
and we will listen
the suggestions also
of the experts that have
been looking at his doing.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Let's try together.
>> He say he also uses the
breath to help to focalize
and transfer, extend his mind
through his hand into the table
with the exhalation
extending the mind,
the energy through the
hand into the table.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Try to leave
the viewer's eye.
Yes.
Energy.
The power of concentration.
[LAUGHTER]
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He just solved his own riddle.
He reverse engineers
what he does in order
to explain it to us.
And by doing that, he
answered his own question,
how do I do what I do.
He just said it.
Extend your energy into
your hands, into the table.
The table is soft
like sand, not solid.
You need to enter into it.
You need to feel the
table as part of you,
not separated from you.
Your hand and the table
are fused, they are one.
You need to think that
the table is not solid.
But he used the word
ethereal nearly.
And then you say you need
to zoom all your attention,
all your focus into it and
forget anything else that
is happening around.
That is it.
That is how he does it
and is also his practice.
>> Let's look at
it a different way.
Your body might seem solid and
that table might seem solid.
Right.
But what physics
is telling us is
that these bodies and these
objects aren't so solid.
Look at it under a
microscope, and we'll
see that the body is made
up of cells, cells made up
of molecules, molecules
made up of atoms.
And when you look at
something atomically,
it's nothing but
energy, but vibration.
The body, as they tell us,
is 99.999% empty space.
Not an emptiness of
nothing but an emptiness
a vibration that
responds to our minds.
That's what's so fascinating.
So when you look
at your body, when
you look at the world around
you, know that it's vibration.
Why does it seem so solid?
Because these electrons in
the atoms are moving so fast,
it's like a very
fast fan moving.
It gives the
appearance of solidity.
But really, it's just energy.
>> I stand up close to him
and try to feel the frequency
of his energy, and then I
will work with this frequency.
I change my frequency
to his frequency.
It's maybe different way to
try change frequency of his
but it needs 2 weeks,
6 week to change
his frequency to my frequency.
Yes.
And it's easy for me to
change my frequency to him.
Yes.
And that's why it's easy
for me to connect with him.
It's only practice.
When I only start
to feel energy,
I work with different people.
It was a big
workshop, for example.
600 people in the whole.
And I work with
different people.
It's this, this, this, this.
And they understand that all
people have another frequency
of his energy.
And I work with these people,
and I try to feel these people.
Then I change this
person for another person
and try to connect my
energy with this energy,
a little different
frequency of my energy.
And this's only
practice, only practice.
If you have more
people for training,
you change your frequency in
big distance, in a big way.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> A larger range,
a larger range.
>> Yes.
Large range, yes.
It's--
>> A broader range.
>> It's need to practice.
>> Practice.
>> I think it's--
>> It's up to the practice.
>> Yes.
Yes.
This is the practice.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[LAUGHTER]
>> So the practice for
the Daoist style can help.
Everyone, in the end,
can achieve some kind
of practical skill
to improve the life
and to improve
natural intelligence
through the everyday practice.
So actually, this is to
develop two kinds of energy.
One we call the positive energy.
The other one is
negative energy.
According to Daoist name,
we call the positive spirit
and also the negative spirit,
like some kind of energy
combining our life.
One is from the
blood, and blood can
generate the oxygen,
the chi, some gas,
chemical gas in the body.
So these are three substances,
combining the three together,
and then to strengthen the life.
So through the
training, you just
generate a more positive
spirit into the positive energy
to your body, and the
positive condition
can attract outside the
natural positive energy
and make it combining with you.
Once your body has
the negative energy,
and then the negative
energy would bother you--
bad luck, an accident.
So the positive energy
inside of your body
can prevent that bad things
happen, bad luck, or accidents.
So through the
years of training,
you can strengthen yourself,
strengthen the health condition
to get rid of all the
diseases, threats,
and prevent any illness
and just secure your life
and bring the
safety to your life.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I think it's incredible
bringing all these masters
into one room to discuss
these very esoteric concepts,
and making it very practical.
Let's remember that the
appearance of solidity
is a superstition-- that our
bodies and this physical world,
really, is vibratory.
It's energy, and it responds
with this, with our minds.
As we start to think and shift
our minds, as we concentrate,
we can shift reality.
And what they're
saying is, let's
be a force for positivity,
for love and kindness,
for compassion,
for our humanity.
Let's make the world
a better place,
because everything is connected.
Energy connects us.
Instead of our skin being
a barrier, it's a bridge.
We're all connected in this
infinite field of energy,
and we can infuse that field
with positive intentions.
With love and kindness
and compassion,
we can truly shift the world
and make it a better place.